So this will give you a little bit of a brief overview of the instructions of the Riwo Sang Cho,
even though this is already mentioned here at the beginning here in the page one,
in the footnote or in the Mountain Burning offering, it is instructing taking from the
lottery with the Dharap, because this I think the Great Master of Terton will discover these
Terma teachings around the 18th century. In the 18th century, he was one of the great
masters with the Dharas and also crazy yogi travelers and he traveled all over the border
and countries and he was also I think I'm a great Terton and as well as the disciples of the very
famous young man Terton, whenever you heard his name and so forth. So this is his Terma teaching
and due to do these practices prepares and it's become also very very popular to all the young
Masculs, Tibetan Buddhists and now particularly in the outside of Tibet, it's this convenience,
easy, even many Geritathons, the reward and a lot of teachings of the offering prayer,
song is a generally purification prayer, so there's a lot of purification prayers,
but this is very condensed and easy and a simple way. So that's it and so here
said some I think things such as a good call it a word, so that means a good call it a word means
no insect, no insect that I mean the word is all good and in ancient time but now they said
there's a lot of like treat to all those are not maybe good because there are some poisons,
poison aspect is not good and always like pray good word no insect and said no treat to word I
think also and unless you know what the ingredients are but they're old and no animal food and no
anything that is so no insect, so that is a good good call it is okay. Yes
a red a red zen, they were friendly pretty chipmunks are very friendly
so that is a good call it a word and then here they prepare things such as good call it a word
and that is like was personally good and then incense, anything that fragrance again not really
poison animal product or anything those and so so incense, incense and then medicines all the
other medicines and then he said three whites and three three substances so that three white
this is a dairy product such as butter yogurt yogurt and cheese cheese those are like in
ancient time known as like garzam so those are three white things things dairy products
oh whatever the ingredient you got the dairy products yogurt milk cheese or maybe one of those
but don't need too many many oh sorry butter butter not cheese butter milk and yogurt and
then cheese too a little bit but not don't make too many liquid if you uh making this as the
burning
and so and the target really is sweet substance honey molasses rock sugars and then flowers that
is the kind of principle ingredients flowers also fresh unused particularly dedicated for that
have you already have the some the flower that used already and then of course you will put it
blessing that so it's kind of somehow trying to be keep clean and the really dedicated the first
portion of that those things those all so the apple of substance is everything
so that is the all those blessings and then also trying to those when you make those ingredients
trying to do this with the kind of clean first wash your hand and then even cover the like
what's called the mouth with not breathing or not splitting we won't nobody will do the
purposely splitting but again talking with someone and preparing those things could be
go the split inside so they're trying to kind of make only teaching say they're trying to keep
clean and then also the ball should be clean nicely so it's really cleaned once and clean
ball clean and prepare those those and well you're preparing those if you can join some mantras
such as celebrate just subtle mantras or three syllable mantras which is you know simple one the
join those prayers and that's it and then light the fire those are the like the good call it
wood as already said the light the fire fire so this again it said the the nice wood nice fire
is really important i mean it depends how much ingredient offering that you have so
everything have to be burned burned ever you can that's the good every can so therefore a nice fire
nice fire and that is stone and fire there's a lot of uh what's called fire fire what
everything with these there's a lot of fire chambers kindling or no coal coal with fire so
this is really good strong so that can burn burn nicely and then light fire light fire i mean you
know so those are light fire and it's in the spring day with clean water say this is a clean
water ever you already have the practice you have the already ritual object and the clean water is
then from the pumpa also we not just put the clean water usually also we joined some mantras such
as
oh those are like praise that you really blessed that water water is become this cleansing water
the blessings of the all the buddhas are merged into that water so and particularly
such as the uh the veggie kundali all the like SS like veggie uh those are the cleansing
very famous and the veggie sattvas cleansing water so this and then with the ram yang kong
so it's a blessed the ever you don't have to immediately there and just get some clean water
fresh water again unused water water not left over or something but trying to get fresh spring
water
and clean the bowl really one uh the one branch like such as uh leaves put that in the bowl so
so that you can spring so uh small leaves i mean this is a little more elaborate way i'm talking
i mean you know we do the fire video always many times so you know so that so that clean water
and that will spring that but i mean you can spring this time or you can afterward you can
spring that one that we do with all the blessings and now so all the preparation and put those
things
also in higher places it is all offering included unibels leaves and leaves are of course always
as i said no insect i really avoid the insect but otherwise fresh leaves such as not bosom
and the leaves are highly suggestive in the teaching of dangarupima sambhava and tradition
or lineages and stochium is unibels unibels and then these cedar trees opine tree leaves and as
well as uh sages sages but again check the insect fresh leaves and then maple tree all the fruit
tree leaves are good leaves of the fruit tree tree is in the teaching said it's good all that
and then firewood as i said like the good excellent wood and that again it can be like if you have
the
fold you can have like such a sandal wood red sandal wood white sandal woods so forth you have
opportunities so i'm in them but if not as i said no insect the the wood that don't have
so all those prepared and put all in a little bit higher places as we do higher place places
and the leaves or the we are going to put not stepping over it's the offering now offering
as you know it's the same offering as in his mind we put the thermals all that we're not going to
step over all this so it is highly honored highly respected highly blessed and cleansing something
that we feel is it is special it is special is something that makes it clean and purifying and
cleansing that's so not stepping over and of course here we don't have the facility or somehow
we did in the area when you put the leaves here we always put on the ground kind of that but
otherwise a really nice platform and put that those people it pulls something nicer but even
not we're not stepping over and it's offering dedicated now that keep as it is so all those are
prepared once they prepare that and then target with you as you see have the shrine of you can
i mean those are elaborate ways as when we do the fire pugia we have the beautiful shrines and
my takwa and you all eating it and liars as that you all eating those those are the shrines is
beautiful to do this with these things once they're completed now you have to take this rafuddhi
look at this rafuddhi in both bodhijada and then this seven branch offering of purification
so this is and now we need to practice and when this is the offering and offering generally is
what according to buddha stitching in general the subtle level it is dana paramata dana dana
paramata and this dana paramata all is combined with six paramatas six paramata practices and
again when we do the practices there's two accumulation practices wisdom married practices
and accumulation married practices and the wisdom married the practice is meditating
meditating absolute state of true nature as this transcendental what's the practice zokin or
mahamudra or banjaparami that's the accumulation practices is what it is generosity morality
and patient and as well as uh joyful effort and then also in some teaching of often grade master
said even concentration is still considering as like like what's called accumulation married
because it need you concentrating something you're holding your focus or something
but out of the free from the focus and free from any any reference point that it starts
it and the practices so now when you have i think when sorry when when you when you prepared all
those beautiful clean nice these things and all this with your best cover practice any the all
those offerings that is dana paramata that is dana generous practice generous can be offering
generous can be sharing giving to the others something that and when you do that so nicely
clean and beautifully so beautiful eating yet something so appealing when you see i feel i'm
doing my best when others see also oh how nice i really wow all the organizing reading you made
so beautiful nice that is morality clean this is what then makes it cool everything become cool
right nice and cool they say wow it's cool really that's the pool morality meaning is also really
cool too in the teachings shala shala means cool that and all this kind of you have to go to the
difficulty a little bit all these things heart shape but it's not big heart shape but that is
patience patience and even this is some difficult troubles you you kind of move for that joyful
effort and concentrated on the purity and the devotion the joy in the body that is
bhayam or the concentrated parameter practices and then wisdom so therefore i mean this is such a
special in the in vediana teaching has so many scope of means practice that speed up to bring
the realization and cleanse and purify all our obstacles and observations and benefit with all
the beings and so therefore this is very special practice so put that so so nice beautifully and
then we take we now going to this offering offer is generous and this is then in the teaching
always
it is here you will go through whenever you already know this we are going to invite when you have
the
offerings and the others you are going to share that to someone now to whom we are going to share
that we're going to share to the four classes of the guest four guests in the teaching said four
guests those four guests are honorific guests honorific guests and very highly qualified guest
and then and compassionate guest compassionate guest and karmigli connected something that
immediately karmigli inevitably connect guest so those are the four guests you're going to make
this gift generous offerings to these four beings four class of beings who is the object honorific
guest is the old buddha dharma sanghas guru deva nakinis that is in dharma palace those are the
guru deva nakinis those are the
the honored guests they're the honored guests highly reverent guests we're also making
offerings to them and who is the qualified guest and all the in the teachings of the dharma palace
male and female and as well as neutral or princess mahakala and as well as mama eka
chaddis male and female all those female dharma palace and who is a compassionate guest all the
beings were six names without any difference those who are alive those who are gone we're
going to spread this freely to everyone and who is a karmigli strongly connected guest maybe there
is someone that who is karmigli connected who didn't got exactly everything what they want
from us there could be any visible beings could be visible beings could be anyone's maybe still
only something that they want not satisfied with us and feeling that they want more something that
that is called the karmigli connected okay then and habitually karmigli connected those are the
four class of beings first to do this we're going to feel the strong presence of the the honor of
our guests honor of our guests and tegrapher that is then buddha dharma sangha is said buddha dh
arma
sangha and the parigula that embodies by the gurupya mussambo here and so we tegraphers
tegraphers and before this we met a refuge on my home all my own the same things in the video
and the tiki the you all we all started this all these the oldest phenomena are enlightened state
this is the dukin state of the second refuge all is or the inner tantal state of the tegrapher
back this offering and these generations all phenomenon for every phenomenon that the
tangible film poems are the enlightened status poems are enlightened states vegetative forms
are all the sound systems are the enlightened speech and all the space and the minds
is enlightened mind with that three vegetative states realization everything is within
everything is complete nothing is that something is impure bring the wheel as vast as sky
with the fearless with the love and with joy with the devotion with the kind and the complete
thought all merge target is a one beautiful status and then we join all our with very
openly with confidence all our we stand at the realization of the three vegetables and then
estimate the essence of that three vegetables appeared in the form of gurupya mussambo and here
said so i won't go through and he's already isolated that and we take refuge why you take
refuge here see the last line is we take refuge you know also all the beings maybe cross the over
over the unenlightened existence that very reason the deep down taking refuge is not just the only
to fulfill the purpose of our own goals but goals of every living beings that is the primary goal
so do this three times for the strong purism of gurupya mussambo
as you know as embodiment every and then gurupya mussam surrounded by the Buddha and all the
lineage masters those mind to mind awesome i mean all those three lineage masters that and that
that with that then develop the bodhicata and again bodhicata is this strengthening your
your compassions your understanding your our realizations our realization of the inner true
nature origin and nature what we inherit and kind of bring up that realization clearly that i'm
going to bring everyone to their organ state and that is my determination that is my courage
commitment in that luminous status and that is again he said he said see this and do it three
times and then did these four seven branch offering practice again is all in zoki status
zoki status and then this one up and others so with that realization we take three times taking
rafu again bodhicata and then the seven branch offering practices and all this is that and then
again re-strengthen
and now we're going to visualize now this is again a re-strengthener of the veneration
the guest of the venerations this time we're going to visualize the truth
ourself as in a gurupya mussambo status and as well we're going to also visualize
gurupya mussambo right in the sky sky inseparable this is like mirror images mirror images and then
is the visualization and gurupya mussambo already sit here and you know that and then join the
mantra of gurupya mussambo now when you join this gurupya mussambo as long as you have time
when you join this and this this time and then now you're going to read that clear visualization
then we're going to make this the the cleansing purify now this is the here sit ramya come and
and say the cleansing the purify burn the substances with the ramya comes all the offering
substances offering substances burned cleansing in the purification of the substances with the ram
ya
ram is the western fire yam is the western the wind calm is the western water by these three
you're going to purify that so this becomes so exhortable stainless offerings offerings and then
join this brace sit here based on the emptiness burn substance transformed in exotable america
they emanated throughout the space a massive cloud of the vast desire of qualities so this
the substance offered that what you have is not just what you see here that is but it starts
home that transformed here see oh what's called inexhaustible america emanated throughout the
space massive clothes of the vast desirable quality that is what it is the desirable quality
everything comes from the desirable quality everything so that means what the desirable
desirable we have because we have the desires desires of the of the according related with the
five or six senses six senses eye a nose strong body and then mental and this now substance what
you see it's like i said that it's exotable substance desirable it is all the weird forms
that are on the eye sight and the beautiful songs that in the ears and the beautiful smells
the fragrance that is pleasing to the oldest enlightened beings they are all all progressed
not just the enlightened progressed for their their uh tongues or noses and if sumptuous food
and delicious things that accorded their their their wish if they want hot food there's hot if
they want sour food there is a sour if they want what's called kimchi if they want kimchi there is
a kimchi if they want sushi there is sushi if whatever they wanted there is no restrictions
hot food anything all that and the dessert dessert so many desserts one after another
and appetizers everything oh what do you want six what always in the teaching say the 100
levels of the food that like divine food that really transformed and then also music i said
every time it transformed desirable i said i just restricted only one things
desire and then all the feelings or the all these what's called touches it touches it
and smoothness and and so forth i mean all this whatever they decide and the jacuzzis
hard drugs water water bed right water bed water bed and then what else and all those are massages
massages and those rollings roughings and i mean i mean whatever the uncle punctules and everything
really i mean that's what is desirable call it and then that makes mine so happy and so delight
with your peace so everything that is not just also limited here ocean of the offerings endless
oh i can so everybody can be joy and happy and that is the what you're going to visualize that
offering objects and that is again with the with the mantras ram yam is completely ripped oh wow
om is is like everything purified ah ah when you try it is expanded home when you try it
completely transferred the stainless like what's the necklace and we those thought and this this is
like the very famous buddha teaching again of course everything is buddha teaching so
that is like sky trail your mother is like sky trails it opens it endless is a mother with mother
and you know there's a mother mother in a regular day in a mantra and a blessing all that works
all that works is really become in that status that status
and join this three times and then you're going to now what is you see here
city is is already here so it's then now that the wrist wrist strengthen of that
that that object offerings that so this here argue the pleasing of the senses of the mundane
existence
and then some higher substances and that blessed by the three syllables become the
vasra amartas and then it's just a place to everything and now what to do
this and then we look to here here then we move here these are the offer to the llamas
now this is lama yada dakinis and all the however the buddha's middle of the ten directions
those are the honor guests buddha in garabemma some of the buddha that in all that in honor guests
and then here said all the other guests are rambling lord of lands all the dharma palas
this is zambulae here and the teaching said but all the dharma palas lord of the lands
and including lord of lands that this is qualified guests and then six kind of beings
and that is is all the comparison of guests and then particularly those who
particularly designed kind of like highlight of this those whom or the karmic deaths
and then this is karmic connected guests karmic connected guests treat that who does in a kind of
invisible ways those have those beings invisible and those who always make some troubles what
called malicious malicious and this this that and all this highlight of everything now to them what
you all of them now the debt and then again of course highlight here too more back page
page and a demon and all these things in the page 10 and all that that as as that flame burns
and now karmic deaths are quickly paid back to them highlighted to particular that and then as
well as every living beings things and they got what they got all this like what they said and
then continually said here said we from the intention that this desirable qualities be
inexhaustible this this generic translation is also kind of a little bit awkward and kind of like
in
my mind mind but that i mean we couldn't really corrected it for a long time he's using the same
thing but anyway so this is the what you dedicate and then then here that and so this is continuing
so those are all particularly pulled for those those that and then here next page page 11 in
the middle of that each flames atoms contain the entirely phenomenal world and then this is and
again this is here said that to all those at the honor of a guest offering to the all honor of a
guest that's again and then this is a highlighted the offerings to the next page poetry or generous
practice all the like beings of the sixth the compassion the guests all the six rams and then
particularly those who are inhale rams every day at least so now everyone those are karmically dead
dead and as well all the beings of sickness what i want or what i like to propose is every all
three
rams are transcendent become the rainbow body and greek the enlightenment that is told and that is
offering and when you make this offer so when you make this fire also with as you see that
also there is always a knowledge that you learn with the traditional being there also you learn
not just only from the pepper from the talking talking but being there you will learn you see
we will make the fire also we try to make more smoke not just only kind of like the pie and then
just can't be dead have to make more rich rich abundance of the smoke and the abundance of the
fire and tensile strong and good is a good fire good what's that so this is then with that giant
and recited this month as many as that's it that's it and then now with that fire Buddha
so this is the more kind of according the the more elaborate way but the condenser way more
simple way and again i saw even his own dunyul himself doing with the incense with a small
incense that really in yoshi nyompo in new york city his whole incident every day this rava samyul
practice but he used incense and big in the time when he asked to like the incense the
kind of he laughed to me looking to me laughed because he thought he saw because i was that was
for some mysteries so the one instance but that's it he's doing the incense and incense also these
days designing they said special incense for the rava samkyu must be you see i would do think okay
that's it yeah yeah yeah yeah they said i have two two here look at this i have these two so we
i will use this something because i thought to really make nice fire and then we do the
let in the fire but this is this lightning is not burning as i thought so anyway so you use this
incense incense or any incense then if you don't have this incident any incident but the intention
regularization meditation is saying whether it's a big in offering things you have or is a small
instance your will your meditation that instant steak is now transformed in exhortive offering
by the power of your meditation mantra and the mother's that's it and with this offering so then
you do all these offerings then i mean offerings and kind of mantras and prayers is among three
syllables and then then you say finish this i say i mean all this is translated so i won't go over
but the purpose is to i mean all this beautiful and the rava samkyu is
considered very special practice actually there's three fire putas in the in the virgina teaching
tradition one is called the gymsig gymsig is elaborate one that which we do again brutally
in the in new york city every year at the john jones place that's called the gymsig and the second
is known as song this is the row samkyu samkyu and third is known as sor sor sor s-u-r i think
just a pronunciation so the gymsig g-j-i-n-s-e-g gymsig is very elaborate the way and make a
medal and all that that is elaborate one and the second one is sung practices which is this
and the third is soul practice sor is particularly during that ceremony for the deceased person or
the invisible beings with our luck most of our lucky shorts practice visualize our lucky disorder
and doing that offering again is the same thing purpose is the same gymsig is more more designed
to the highly honored guests highly honored guests the gymsig is and this song and and the song
and the soul ceremony of the with the pie is the same thing with the forecast you're making offer
for guests that and but of course the gymsig all the to the to all the beings to but particularly
highlight to the honored guests and throw that benefit to everyone so that's so this and this
always the master creative teacher his own dungeon and kenji and bardeshe always says this row sam
kyu
is really combined everything it is like gymsig it is like what i forget saying of course song is
purification and cleansing purification and the third is the soul practices is also that so it's
very combined special practices and then you do this this practices and that is my uh i think the
brain kind of told me you have any questions out of this yeah there's a there's a couple of
numbered
things in here that i'd like to know what they are if that's okay on page three when we do the
bode chita we talk about through the poor spontaneous visions you don't have to just
i'll look at the page three oh yeah yeah four four this uh
four is this i'm sorry sorry the supreme sick the clear light
it's the second line on page three
oh for a